{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green56\blue56;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
<div class="security">\
<h3>Security</h3>\
<p>We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information under our control. For example, we seek to use Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") technology for the placement of orders. Unfortunately, no data storage system or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please exercise caution in submitting Personal Information via the Site, especially if you are accessing the Site using a WiFi hotspot or public network. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account that you might have with us has been compromised, or if you are unable to utilize our Site-related SSL technology), please immediately notify us of the problem and place any orders with us over the telephone or in person, instead of using the Site. You may contact us in such circumstances in accordance with the "<a href="#">Contact Us</a>" section below. </p>\
</div>\
\
\
<div class="privacy">\
<h3>Privacy Policy</h3>\
<h4>Information that is gathered from visitors</h4>\
<p>In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.<br />\
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.\
Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.</p>\
<h4>How the Information is used</h4>\
<p>The information is used to enhance the vistor's experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising.<br />\
E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.<br />\
E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.</p>\
<h4>Visitor Options</h4>\
<p>If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.<br />\
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.</p>\
<h4>Cookies</h4>\
<p>Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.<br />\
3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.</p>\
<h4>Google Ads</h4>\
<p>Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.<br />\
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet.<br />\
Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.</p>\
</div>\cb2 \
\
<div class="Returns">\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 \cb1 <h4>Return Policy</h4>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 <p>Like many retailers, we guarantee our products; if an item hasn\'92t met your expectations, you can bring it back. Unlike most retailers, we also guarantee the product selection advice offered through our catalog, website, and staff; if an item you\'92ve purchased based on this advice turns out to be unsuitable, you can bring it back. In either case, simply return the item for exchange, refund, repair, or credit. <br />\
\
If you have any questions about our guarantee, please, email us at [ \ul Lovabulb\ulnone  ], ask at the Member Service Desk of any location, or call us at [ 1.888.999.9999 ] or [ 3218675309 ] (Local & International).</p> \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 \
<h4>Returns and Exchanges</h4>
\b0 \
\
<p>Returns and exchanges can be made at any one of our stores, or by mail. Please call our Service Center, if you wish to return or cancel an order placed online. Please note: Our retail stores cannot accept returns by mail or courier. <br />\
\

\b <h4>Returning by mail</h4>\
<ul>
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}<li>Within the US: Returned items must be sent via insured, prepaid Regular US Mail. Ensuring your return allows you to track your parcel with the US Postal Service. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Please Note: We cannot accept CODs or courier deliveries.</li>\
{\listtext	\'95	}<li>Outside the US: Ship goods prepaid, by insured ground shipping. To avoid unnecessary delays, please write \'93U.S. Goods returning\'94 on the outside of the package.</li>\
</ul><br />
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 <h4>Please Note:</h4>
\b0  Do not return items by UPS or other carriers, as duty and / or brokerage fees will be charged, and your return will be refused by [ \ul Lovabulb\ulnone  ]. <br />\
\
If you are requesting an exchange, please remember to include sufficient payment for the return postage. Where applicable, please contact your local customs office for information about any taxes or duties that may be assessed on a return shipment. <br  />\
\

\b <h4>Please note:</h4>
\b0  Our Processing Center cannot accept returns in person. Mail returns to: [ Lovabulb, P. Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney, Australlia]</p>\
</div>}